
I do not see the w-2.pdf document added to this project. Here is what I see:
Skip to Main Content

Search
[Option+S]




United States (N. Virginia)

Account ID: 6247-0659-3351
fred001

Amazon Bedrock
Data Automation
Projects
bda-working-test-v2
Amazon Bedrock
Data Automation
Projects
bda-working-test-v2



Amazon Bedrock
Discover
Overview
Model catalog
API keys
Test
Chat / Text playground
Image / Video playground
Watermark detection
Tokenizer
New
Infer
Cross-region inference
Batch inference
Provisioned Throughput
Custom model on-demand
Tune
Custom models
Prompt router models
Imported models
Marketplace model deployments
Build
Agents
Flows
Knowledge Bases
Automated Reasoning
Guardrails
Prompt Management
Data Automation
AgentCore
Assess
Evaluations
Configure and learn
Settings
New
Model access
User guide
Bedrock Service Terms
bda-working-test-v2
Edit
Test
How BDA Project works
Standard Output
Standard output is pre-defined extraction managed by Bedrock.

It can extract information from documents, images, videos, and audio. When creating a BDA Project, you can set your preference.

Custom Output
Custom output provides the flexibility to define extraction that are not offered from the standard output, it also allows you to transit information with a format that can merge into your data management system schema. To configure custom output, you need to add Blueprint(s) into a BDA Project as a custom output configuration.

Create Blueprint
If you do not find a corresponding blueprint from the existing blueprint list, you can create a blueprint. When you upload a file to create a new blueprint, the system will try to match from global categories. If the system cannot find a match, you can generate a blueprint in a minute

Add from Blueprint list
You can add sample or custom blueprints into a BDA Project. You can only extract files through blueprints of their respective modalities (For example, an image file can only be processed by an image blueprint).

Test & deploy
After creating, you can use the project in inference or test your project in console.

Project Details
ARN
arn:aws:bedrock:us-east-1:624706593351:data-automation-project/0483b44689d1
Description
BDA Working Test V2
Last modified
December 15, 2025, 08:49:16 (UTC-06:00)

Standard output

Custom output

Advanced settings
Modality enablement Info
Modality Enablement allows you to choose which modalities a project can process. By default, all modalities are enabled. You can choose to disable a specific modality, preventing the API from returning results related to that modality. This provides flexibility in customizing the response based on user preferences or application requirements. At least one modality must be selected.

Document modality
Image modality
Video modality
Audio modality
Manual modality routing (0) Info
Modality routing enables you to control how the uploaded files are processed by the project. By default, the system intelligently auto-routes the file to the most relevant modality. You can override default settings and specify how png, jpeg, mp4 or mov file type should be interpreted for data extraction. For example, a png file type can be treated as an document, or a mp4 file type can treated as an audio source.

No Manual modality routing associated with the resource

KMS key
KMS Key is used to create or edit a project resource. By default, your data is encrypted using a key that AWS owns and manages. To use a different key, you can customize your encryption settings.
Customize encryption settings (advanced)
To use the default key, clear this option.
Tags
(0)
Tags are labels assigned to a project resource. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value. You can use tags to search and filter your resources.

Key
Value

CloudShell
Feedback

Console Mobile App
© 2025, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates.
Privacy
Terms
Cookie preferences